generic-y += clkdev.h
generic-y += auxvec.h
generic-y += barrier.h
generic-y += bitops.h
generic-y += bpf_perf_event.h
generic-y += bug.h
generic-y += bugs.h
generic-y += checksum.h
generic-y += compat.h
generic-y += cmpxchg-local.h
generic-y += cmpxchg.h
generic-y += cputime.h
generic-y += delay.h
generic-y += div64.h
generic-y += dma.h
generic-y += emergency-restart.h
generic-y += errno.h
generic-y += extable.h
generic-y += futex.h
generic-y += hardirq.h
generic-y += io.h
generic-y += irq.h
generic-y += irq_regs.h
generic-y += kdebug.h
generic-y += kmap_types.h
generic-y += kprobes.h
generic-y += linkage.h
generic-y += local.h
generic-y += mman.h
generic-y += mmu_context.h
generic-y += module.h
generic-y += mutex.h
generic-y += param.h
generic-y += pci.h
generic-y += percpu.h
generic-y += pgalloc.h
generic-y += rwsem.h
generic-y += sections.h
generic-y += serial.h
generic-y += socket.h
generic-y += sockios.h
generic-y += stat.h
generic-y += statfs.h
generic-y += swab.h
generic-y += tlbflush.h
generic-y += topology.h
generic-y += unaligned.h
generic-y += user.h
generic-y += vga.h
generic-y += word-at-a-time.h



